fix(audit-log): Add replay job how tos (#2732)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/recover-konnect-org-audit-logs.md

        1. Click the **Konnect** tab.
        1. Navigate to the region you want to configure the webhook for.
        1. Click **Disabled**.
        1. Select your SIEM endpoint from the **Endpoint** dropdown menu.
        1. Click **Save**.

        To validate that the webhook is configured correctly, send an API request using the {{site.konnect_short_name}} API:

        <!--vale off-->
        {% konnect_api_request %}
        url: /v2/control-planes
        status_code: 201
        method: GET
        {% endkonnect_api_request %}
        <!--vale on-->

        This should trigger a log in SumoLogic. Sometimes it can take a minute to populate the logs.

cleanup:
  inline:
    - title: Clean up {{site.konnect_short_name}} environment
      include_content: cleanup/platform/konnect
      icon_url: /assets/icons/gateway.svg
faqs:
  - q: How many days of {{site.konnect_short_name}} org audit logs can I recover?
    a: |
      {{site.konnect_short_name}} only collects audit logs from the past seven days, so you can only recover up to seven days of logs from the current date.
---

## Configure a replay job

> {{site.konnect_short_name}} audit logs allow you to recover audit logs by configuring a replay job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {{site.konnect_short_name}}, you can restore audit logs by configuring a replay job:
```
- Feels clunk to experience as a reader - audit log repetition in close proximity / I misread it to be 'recover audit logs from audit logs' a few times.
- - Added [:] colon because the sentence felt like an introduction to the process.

> 1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} UI, click [**Organization**](https://cloud.konghq.com/organization) in the sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} UI, from the sidebar, click [**Organization**](https://cloud.konghq.com/organization).
```

> 1. Click **Audit Logs Setup** in the sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Audit Logs Setup**.
```

1. Click the **Konnect** tab.
1. Navigate to the region you want to configure the replay job for.
1. Click the **Replay** tab.
1. Select `Last 6 hours` from the **Replay Time Range** dropdown menu.
1. Click **Send Replay**.

> The replay job will now display it's status. A replay job can be in one of the following statuses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The replay job will now display one of the following statuses:
```

<!--vale off-->
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Status
    key: status
  - title: Description
    key: description
rows:
  - status: "Unconfigured"

>     description: Initial state. The job has not been set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: The job has not been set up. This is the job's initial state.
```

  - status: "Accepted"
    description: The job has been accepted for scheduling.
  - status: "Pending"
    description: The job has been scheduled.
  - status: "Running"
    description: The job is in progress. When a replay job is `running`, a request to update the job will return a `409` response code until it has completed or failed.
  - status: "Completed"
    description: The job has finished with no errors.
  - status: "Failed"
    description: The job has failed.
{% endtable %}
<!--vale on-->

## Validate

> Once the replay job is marked as Complete, you can view the recovered audit logs in your SIEM provider. If you're using SumoLogic, navigate to the [log search](https://service.sumologic.com/log-search) and search for `_source=Konnect`. You should see logs like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the replay job is marked as Complete, you can view the recovered audit logs in your SIEM provider. If you're using SumoLogic, navigate to the [log search](https://service.sumologic.com/log-search) and search for `_source=Konnect`. You will see logs like the following:
```
- removed [should] = implies that there's something else that could happen (an edge case / a problem...), and we provide no fix if it doesn't, so then we write as if we are successful.
